
### Server Details

server_name {server_name}
server_region europe
#server_password mypassword

server_port {server_port}
steam_communications_port {steam_communications_port}
steam_query_port {steam_query_port}

server_welcome_message {server_welcome_message}

### Map Rotations

!map_rotation start
map_name PalisadeArena
game_mode ArmyBattlefield
round_time_minutes -1
faction_balancing false
allow_faction_switching true
allow_spectating true
minimum_players -1
maximum_players {maximum_players}
time_hour 15
time_dynamic false
weather_preset calm
weather_dynamic false
!map_rotation end

!map_rotation start
map_name SnowyPlains
game_mode ArmyBattlefield
round_time_minutes -1
faction_balancing false
allow_faction_switching true
allow_spectating true
minimum_players -1
maximum_players {maximum_players}
time_hour 15
time_dynamic false
weather_preset calm
weather_dynamic false
!map_rotation end
